feat: Prepare for 2.x release (#266)
callstack/react-native-testing-library: docs/Queries.md

The interface is the same as for other queries, but we won't provide full names so that they're harder to find by search engines.

### `UNSAFE_ByType`

> Note: added in v1.4

> > This method has been **deprecated** and is not recommended for use.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
> This method has been marked unsafe, since it requires knowledge about implementation details of the component. Use responsibly.
```

A method returning a `ReactTestInstance` with matching a React component type. Throws when no matches.

### `UNSAFE_ByProps`

> > This method has been **deprecated** and is not recommended for use.

Reviewer: same note change here please :)

Author: Done
